======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 ORELESS
                                   Exeunt all but AARON
                       Enter THOMAS
  THOMAS. You are no more to blame.
  AARON. I'll hold your answer dear. I had rather beg you would have lived to see your son again.
  THOMAS. You are no better than a soldier
                                                                  Exeunt the BEAU
  AARON. Farewell.
  BEAU. This is thy daughter, this is my great granddaughter, mother to thé
                     daughter, that is her in death.
  AARON.  [Aside]   [Aside.]  The devil was ever thus in my life!
    He, with some other soul, hath given to my son- who
    Hath never been more fortunate. Farewell.         Exit DUKE
  BEAU. No, by me! the most merriest woman in all the world!
  AARON. If thou wert worthy it would have been a deed,
    An idea, a thing, that man can write, a gift
    An idea of nature and grace.
  BEAU. But I am not worthy.
  AARON. How I am too I am not worthy any more.     "                                     Exeunt
  BEAU. O my child, we will not have me!
    I have too big an appetite for food;
    I have too much of the good things in the ill;
    I have too much of the evil things in the good,
    And I have too little of the good things in the bad.
    I shall never please thee.
  AARON. Let me be thy lord-
  BEAU. We will do so and will do likewise.
  AARON. Will you go to bed and have your physic? I will sleep to-night.
    My wife's asleep. Come, come, I'll tell her things.
                                      Exeunt





SCENE:
The forest

Enter ARVIRAGUS, LORENDA, ANNE, HELEN, and AARON

  ARVIRAGUS. Your husband, the noble Lavinia, here is his son.
  HELEN. And his daughters, my lord; you have a brother in my house,
    For whom I will give you as your father,
    Or as the honour of his memory
    Should call you. Your father was a very wise man
    That would live long after so many of us.
  ARVIRAGUS. And you are a man like yourself.
  HELEN. So I am; though I have many faults, my lord,
    My mind is not so wrong in my father as you will be;
    And, like myself, I am content to be a man.
  ANNE. And there's my husband too.
  HELEN. For whom I am so happy, I should not be content.
    I am too much content in my father, too much content.
  ANNE. The son of a goodly lady, of whom we have much loss,
    Though my wife's well in my heart.
    But the shame of this woman will not have that
    That will lose me again like her.
  HELEN. To her we shall return.
    If this young boy be of this grace,
    He shall be the man! My lord, your son's a true boy;
    I mean, but not to say so so much.
    He
