======== SAMPLE 1 ========
   If I had the time, and the honour
   I have left on you
    In the defence of my country,
    To this great disgrace I would resign
    And be herewith'd for this day
    Till I have put thee to my will!
  LUCIO. Sir, my dear niece is dead; your father
    And two friends by her side
    Are beset by foul play; we are all fled.
    What, have I not gone to my wife,
    To fetch some more news of her?
  SICINIUS. I had rather depart into the forest
    To stay here and fight the enemy, or give refuge
    To this enemy, whose numbers are so great. Now is
    One of them, whose head had a thousand thoughts
    When I fell to the earth, and whom I have slain
    With one blow that has given the rest up.
  LUCIO. If you be fled, my father is slain; all his friends,
    As in this fight, have fled; they are all slain.
  SICINIUS. I will give away my head
    Of that sword that my father took, and leave my wife with him.
    O, they will do, if I let them take his.
  JESUS. My thoughts are dull, my heart is numb, and my mind is mute;
    And yet I am strong with blood, and I am strong with blood
    To bear my father with my brother. Let this sword
    Be borne by me, let this sword not be borne by me;
    And yet I must bear this sword, and leave my woman,
    Till the earth give the ground upon my body.
  LUCIO. Go thou to the place,
    That I may take my leave and take my wife
    From this same place, to be taken by this same soldier,
    By this same fool from his brother. For my wife,
    I have some words to say to her about his
    As to this man that my father slew. Now, I need not;
    She is gone that shall not come to me. Go I, go;
    Thou shalt stay and die with me until my uncle come.
  SICINIUS. Go thou.
                                                    Exit.
  QUEEN SIR TOBY. A glorious friend, sir!
  SICINIUS. The most noble cousin of Queen Helena,
    A lady of renown
    An excellent wife, gentle cousin
    A good wife, my great cousin.


                                        Enter BASTIAN

  BASTIAN. O my loving queen,
    My sweet queen, where is the Queen?
  SICINIUS. Here, as we pass along, you look to
    Have no less fear; for here is this, my queen.
    There is, so I know,
    A fearful lady, in her person
    For her, though in that man, I know not what.
  QUEEN SIR TOBY. And I, too,
    A sister to the blessed Queen.
  SICINIUS. I hear them speak, indeed;
    They say you are lost the Queen, and leave their presence to answer you.
 
                                              Exit.
  QUEEN. My good queen, let me go to meet you.
    A sister of mine, as we pass along;
    I thank you all for your looks.
    Good queen, we'll meet presently to hear more of your queen.
  LUCIO. Ay, to hear her better than she is in my eyes.
    I have heard her say that she was not to see you this night.
 
