======== SAMPLE 1 ========


"That he has been at Court, and the King hath cause of complaint,
    His own life should not be kept quiet. There is great
    The King has made certain of his enemies do their worst.
    The Court hath not been so kind to me where
    My noble life should be kept secret. I beseech
    That, in his presence and comfort, I shall find such an one
    As thou mayst take my conscience out of mine and guide me
    To that happy end of my life's deliverance,
    And there do, by God's grace, find such a one
    Which shall do my good. Therefore, sir, come."
                                                                                       Exit.




SCENE III.
Another part of the field

Enter Richard and Gloucester.

  Glou. My noble Lord of Buckingham,
    Your Highness and I are to be delivered over
    To this King's service.
  Buckingham.                  This night we have a goodly company.
    And, my liege, we will to the Tower, where
     The Duke of Buckingham shall hold a royal welcome;
    And, when we see the royal guard enter-
    That if we do see them we will not be silent, but
    Give them good night.
  Henry. Go, you and Somerset, away,
    I beseech you to come.
    And this night, my liege, this King is in love;
    His Grace and his daughter and his son,
    Have done good service to our army;
    There's plenty in that army to draw them hither.

                                   Re-enter Gloucester.

  Glou. My Lord Buckingham!
    The King hath sent me word to you
    That he would come on this side to take refuge.
    And as we may have good service to do,
    The Prince of Wales, on your side,
    Be ready as God doth order.
    My Lord of Somerset, come;
    For you are the Lord Buckingham's best brother.
     You have had the grace of the King's court;
    And as I may hear, I may assure you
    My Lord of Buckingham has received
    A worthy royal welcome.
    And yet will my faith do all my acts serve
    In his Majesty's good, his love being too true.

                  Enter Buckingham and his entourage.

    And, my liege, I thank God the Duke is not dead.
    But that I hear the King is come on this side.
    Then let me go with Gloucester, my lord,
    And tell him by the Prince of Wales,
    That I, if he be dead, will no longer
    Speak to him; and I beseech you, my liege,
    For this night or the future rest'st here
    Till you know our means, or else we stay
    For a time to see you, that you may know
    You have the King for his friend; and if he be dead
    He shall not stay with me; and he shall know
    If you go any way with it, I do beseech you
    He lives not a whit in the world but is in heaven.
    Therefore, go and tell him my Lord of Gloucester is-
    And for your last night go with me, you must go.

                                Enter Duke of Gloucester with a messenger.

    God save your
