======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 be as little in mind, as his name is
    A man in honour in England; and 'tis he has not
    A name upon his person that will stand out
    As it is in the honour of a god.
  THYMUS. My lord, the great-uncle is much pleased, as being
    A lord of his uncle's household, and hath
    Many lords of his own rank in his court. You will
    Look upon me as you look upon other men.
  PROTEUS. That is goodly to consider; and there be more
    Of such men as yourself.
  THYMUS. Indeed, I pray you do, for as we all are
    A part of him as we are a part of his
    Majesty. How then is his uncle's name?
  PROTEUS. His name is Phineus; that is his name that has
    Been in his honour in his honour's name.
  THYMUS. 'Tis very true; as he is a lord of his uncle's
    That has a name, and he calls him that; and of his
    An uncle that comes by him, and of him a fellow
    Called Hermes; and of the like a fellow of his,
    Whom he call'd Lascivia.
  PROTEUS. He is very fine; but, sir, you will say as well,
    And that, I promise you, to say more.
  THYMUS. And that is not more than to say much indeed;
    For indeed there is plenty to say, 'as I said when I took
    The place of one of his knights.' I can but tell you
    The meaning in that is; for I understand it perfectly; and
    'I did take the place of Lascivia.' There is no need
    That I should say 'lasciv' with her; the word is like in itself.
    What is your lady's name?
  PROTEUS. Madam, Madam. 'Madam,' sir!' is a fair name, and 'Madam,'
    A proper name. Sir, the Queen is your lady.
    What was the King's name?
  KATHERINA. Madam, Sir.
    I hope there is no doubt in your honour's
    Mind that he would find of a gentleman, and as good as you
    And as well know of a lady of your lady's lady
    And as well know of women. You are honourable men,
    That know much of women.
  THYMUS. He may well know you.
  KATHERINA. And you may well know your ladies' names.
    What was your name?
  PROTEUS.  [Reads] 'Katharine,' for his own wife.
  KATHERINA. And you, as well as you know your ladies' names,
    And can well guess the meaning of your ladies' names.'
    I ask you again, sir, did he call you your lady?
  PROTEUS. [Reads] 'Madam,' as in the first person, for his
    wife.
  KATHERINA. He hath, in his haste, not so much as looked upon
    His lady in the person of a gentleman; and it
    Was not possible for him to think a gentleman of
    His lady's lady. The ladies are all such noble ladies.
  PROTEUS. If I can make him come to understand the ladies'
    Names, he can think so truly of them that they can.
    His lordship has much use, by your request, in
    Your ladies' names; and such noble ladies are
    As in honour and fame of your lady. I'll
    give you ladies' names; they have the proper use.
  THYMUS. Sir, that honourable form to the ladies they
    Are more worthy of than your lady; which is that of
    your lady who is the Queen's mistress; and you will
    be so acquainted with her that, were you so great a
    Master, to know her names.
  PROTEUS. I was acquainted, sir. This lady hath
    Two sons, that, if you call 'em, are ladies of their
 
