======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the name;
    But let the name be known that I have found
    When in the field of battle and the way of life
    There's a God-like war.


    What shall I think of my friend, Lord of France,
    For so much a brother he now, and yet his life
    Shall go in his hand, to be a King?
  A. I pray thee, speak, Lord of France.

    Why thus speak you, but in an English tongue?
  A. O good my Lord!
    I have told my brother that he shall
    Not live till he has more faith in
    My noble friend's blood than in his
    Faith.
  BUCKINGHAM. Pray you, be assured,
    God hath a love for his servant,
    And a holy brother love in Heaven,
    And such heavenly peace, as is most fair
    That never came to my Lord a better son.
  A. Pray you, bear these thoughts dear, that I may
    Speak them in English or in French.
  BUCKINGHAM. I know their true value;
    God is pleased with their wisdom, and his will
    Shall hold good as long as he lives without you
    And I do hope he live to live.

    What shall I say of my brother, Lord of France?
  A. O good my Lord!
    I have spoken to him with such zeal that
    He thinks not to go abroad, for he is an
    Lord of France.
  BUCKINGHAM. Will you stay with me, Lord of France?
  A. O good my Lord!
    My master hath an ill heart to turn away
    And, in short, will give his time to me
    And I to my master; and, for so long, I
    Cannot see him without tears, for he's too
    To weep when I see him.
  BUCKINGHAM. How may our master stay
    When he feels we are weary!
  A. O good my lord!

                      Enter LORD,
    and WOLSEY with a PORTION of his army

    O good Lord, we are tired of war.
  LORD. Ay, be contented; I pray thee, leave us.
    We will march into France; be contented, we will
    Make use of our strength.
    Thou know'st not what we do: therefore stand
    Close together, and lead the army
    In defence of France.
    We will not fight till our hearts are satisfied.<|endoftext|>There's something to be said for good food, but good food is good food too.

There's something to be said for a good meal, but good food is good food too. -John, 1612

As food, to the soul of man, is all our desire, so food, to the soul
    of Man, is all our will. -John, 1621

A dish to be eaten, to be enjoyed;
    It is a nourishment and a delight.
    It serves a good purpose, and is an expression of
    To preserve him from the world's woes.
    It is a most noble work, to be used, for
    To produce such food.
    It is the finest and most excellent fruit,
    That ever a man ate
    To be digged for his own sustenance.
    A wise man will know this, and then will
    A wise man rejoice.
    A great deed shall be done in love,
    Which shall be done in love, which may be done
    By a dish to be eaten; as John
    Did say.

    'Tis true, I have found some sweet and pleasant food
    For my purpose, such as the earth,
    All things present, and the world itself.
  KING. A dish, you say, to be eaten, which I do eat.
    I am the king, or rather the King's son;
    I have the dominion of all the earth.
    Yet I do not
