======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 well was he not; and in the first place the word of the devil, and again, the sign of Christ; for I could not tell what he was. Then he said he was an angel, and in the third place, a devil; for no more was I able to tell of them. And then, as he grew greater and greater in stature, did he appear with greater agility, and greater beauty, and greater weight, and greater power; and presently, as he was a serpent, he became a serpent. I cannot tell whether he was a real snake or not; if he was real, I cannot tell whether he was a good and honest serpent; as his eyes were no better than water, and his hands and his trunk were no better than a snake's scales. There was no devil.
  CHRIS. And how would you find him? I see it from your book.  EDG. 'Niggardly that he looks the devil in the face. I know he's the devil, for he was not the most common devil.                                And I am an angel; to make it appear by the Devil you think you have; so that I can do it too; and then, my sweet child, you can tell us anything.                                                                                                                     Exit
  DEI. And so shall I find thee,
    That thou and I were not.
  EDG. Now, how does it look to look the Devil in the face?
  DEI. There it is. When you look him in the face, 'tis a pity you should live.
  EDG. It's no better to live then to look on the devil.
  DEI. But, good child, there's the matter.
  EDG. And so it is. What, are you two of us?
  EDG. No, you are my sister and you my brother!
  EDG. Why, but it was I!
  DEI. It is so.  A little boy and a very young girl!
  EDG. You were my brother and sister!
  DEI. And the poor child!
  EDG. 'Tis your brother, and mine, and there was not a more good son or a fairer sister.
  EDG. And there was a little boy, too, and a very little girl!
  EDG. You were sisters, but not brothers.
  EDG. Well, then thou didst not understand me well.
    The devil looks more like a serpent to me; for I was never
    A good boy or a fairer sister.
  DEI. He looks like another kind of devil, that I might, and
    Say his name, were his eyes as fair as his skin, and his
    Fingers like the ends of a snake's tail.
  EDG. That, too, is not the face of a good girl.
  DEI. He look'st like a snake to me; and, though he is
   A good boy, he looks like a very poor little girl.
  EDG. And yet he is the Devil's brother and the poor
   You cannot say your brother and sister. You're right,
   In being your brother and sister.
  DEI. Who, though your brother be so good, is not the
    Badest thing in the world. He, after being a little boy,
    Was more like a serpent than a boy. And thou shalt be
    The poor child of the devil!
  EDG. Why, there's thee in the devil, and thou shalt
    Be the poor child of the devil.
  DEI. A curse upon my brother, my brother,
    That thou shall be in that form.
    Thou wast the true son, brother, which is mine
    From the devil; and the name he went
    With to be your name, your brother's name, and I
    My brother's name; but thou shalt be the
