======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 , a few drops of red-taff'd milk.
    I am as fond of it as when I am sick.
    It makes me proud to take physic,
    A thing to make me ill-for it makes me
    A friend to myself, if the day were short,
    Having so much for me of the cure of death,
    As I am the son of a man.
  OTHERS. Well-o,
    'Gain, as I think; gain, gain;
    Your brother hath his place thus.

          Exeunt
     Good morrow to thee, noble heart;
    I thank you that thou havest spared me.
  OTHERS. God bless him who hath, as he doth,
    A man like mine in this life.
  OTHERS. But I know not whose.
  OTHERS. But he hath some friends that love me.
  OTHERS. But this I am sure, that my thoughts, my heart,
    Which in the midst of hell would be an
    A monster in that state, were now, the real
    A human beast!
  OTHERS. I thank him.
  OTHERS. But they, to whom, he should never see,
    To whom he should never speak, to whom he should never
    Dote on that that he should say is a thing.
    I thank you. O, but thou, my heart, must I be
    And thou shalt have the power to say 'I am not an idiot!'
    And yet you are the one's heart and his soul!
  OTHERS. God be with thee, lord.

                       Enter ARAGOLA.

  ARAGOLA. Good morrow, noble heart! I thank the lord for this.
  OTHERS. What's the matter? How's he there?
  ARAGOLA. A beggar.
  OTHERS. O, he's here a king.
  ARAGOLA. I thank the lord, and thank me. What, may you please
    say what you wish to know? O, my lord, my heart, my heart!
  OTHERS. Ay, indeed; they'll all say.
  ARAGOLA. Nay, I'll say that I will;
    I will be your brother and live in a king.
  OTHERS. I pray you thank me, lord.
  ARAGOLA. That's a fair word; it ought not to be true, though they
    are false. The whole world will say that I am false, but what of it
   ?
  OTHERS. They'll all say that no, this man is a king.
  ARAGOLA. And the world will say he has, not true;
    however, I'll say that, and the world will
   say that I'm a beggar.
  OTHERS. Who says that?
  OTHERS. Ay, you tell me; the world will say I am true, since
   they'll all say I am false.
  ARAGOLA. That's true. I'll never tell my soul I'll say that;
   the world goes true. What's the matter with you?

                             [Kneels]
    Let it be, good morrow.   [Kneels]
  ARAGOLA. May we not pray you a blessing;
   we'll never pray you a blessing. Do you hear that?
  OTHERS. Good morrow, thy heart, the world, my heart, my heart!-
   pray you a blessing, then we'll never pray you a blessing; and
  you'll never know in the world that you pray in vain.
  O, in the first place, the world cries out aloud to me, my heart; and secondly,
  when I say I have a heart, the world says I have a heart but one,
 and I know this from hearing they say I have no heart, though they never tell me, in the first place, the world cries out loudly to me; secondly, when I say I have a heart,
